This program requires that you have vorbis-tools installed.
Since we play .ogg music, the build defers to ogg123.
As long as you can use ogg123 from the command line, the music
should be able to play correctly.

There may be sound issues depending on your installation.

Move with arrow keys. Jump with either spacebar or up.. Pause and 
access menu with P. Press spacebar at the high score screen to continue
with a new game. Jump on top of the enemies to get rid of them. You
can't jump on top of the enemies with spiky protective helmets.
You start with 5 lives. Your current lives is displayed on the
bottom right corner. Your score is in the top right corner.
Get to the door at the end of the level to win.

This week has mostly been behind-the-scenes cleanup.

List of visible improvements from last time:
 - A new level is implemented.
 - A system for progressing through levels has been implemented.
 - New textures for level 2.
 - Musical adjustments.
 - A smoother movement experience, hopefully.
 - A new player character graphic - it's Jibby.
 - The lives count is more obvious because Jibby's face is next to it.

Here is what each member accomplished:
Devin: Implemented the level progression system. Added ability to
	specify the initial position of the player, which currently
	isn't used, but is useful in the future.
Chris: Fixed up multiple musical implementations. Restructured the code so
	that a new GameScreen isn't constructed multiple times. Fixed
	various memory leaks. Reconfigured gravity and dt movement.
Kevin: Implemented a system for multiple playable characters. This currently
	isn't used, however in the future you may see cool things. Multiple
	players has been tested, and collision behavior between players is in.
William: Designed level 2. Created textures for this level. Created the player
	character - his name is Jibby.

Note that we are not satisfied with level 2. The original vision for it
was a lot more ambitious, featuring multiple floors allowing for up/down as 
well as left-right movement, as well as multiple playable character that
you can alternate through. This week has not been kind, and we were unable
to fully implement all the planned features.

(We implemented a cheat. By pressing R, you can force a level advance.
Obviously, since level 3 doesn't exist, pressing R on level 2 will crash
the game. We would take this out, but figured the graders may appreciate
not having to go through level 1 over and over to get to 2.)

That's all for now.